24 Mar 2020 - I started the very basic JS in free code camp about two weeks ago. I had only done about 10 out of the 110 then. I wanted to set this up to see how really far I've come. I know that with most of this, I am way more advanced, but it's been nice for the review and the practice. I'll do my best to give 100 days a code a shot. 

25 Mar, Weds  - Did a bit more pages in basic-JS trying to get the practice and lingo down. I know it's basic, but I've always been a little afraid of JS, so I'm trying to conquer that fear.

26 Mar, Thurs - Getting ready to code after a long morning of grocery shopping. (With COVID-19, this is no small feat.) and my son comes in with a torn-up, bloodied knee from a bike accident. Didn't get as much in today as I would have like, but still got some in. 100 days of code, I will get through this!

27 Mar, Fri - Finally reached writing functions in basic JS. Done with basic arrays and feel like I'm moving on to what I could use the practice and mind muscle in. Totally had an a-ha moment. Global scope is like our house number but the variable within that scope is like the members of that household. Not everyone will see it outside the global scope.

28 Mar, Sat - Writing more familiar functions within JS and it feels good to see and practice the basics again. My confidence in finishing and understanding each 'equation' is helpful.

31 Mar, Tues - I've missed a few days; I really try to give myself one day and that is usually Sundays. Yesterday, I nearly completed my resume, which I have been putting off for weeks now. Finally getting into more JS code, that I actually understand more and can debug more on my own. 

1 Apr, Weds  - Today, no joke. Got some JS done with booleans, if/else statements and switch/case. Finally stuff I can use and actually remember. Feels good. 

2 Apr, Thurs - Definitely out of practice. Needing this review.

3 Apr, Fri - Not much done today. With COVID-19, found out the kids are out of school indefinitely until the end of the school year, tomorrow is 7yo b-day and it's Friday. Finally getting to dot notations and brackets [].

4 Apr, Sat - 8yo b-day today and General Conference is on. My favorite two weekends of the year!

6 Apr, Mon - Back to school after two week break, but a great jump start to my JS review and now JSON (JS Object Notation). Gotta get that in my brain! 

7 Apr, Tues - Time to get back on schedule; the kids are back to online school and a schedule. I have re-joined our labs group and we're getting ready to show our app. Back to for loops, nice to some familiarity and still learning more things.

8 Apr, Weds - Wow! I finished basic JS! I feel like I know a lot of it already, most of it was review (thankfully) and there were a few things I picked up on. Moving on to... ? Possibly JS from Dan Abramov. Will look into it. 2 weeks into 100 days of code. Awesome!

10 Apr, Fri - Should have had some foresight that JS would not take me 100 days, as I am now reviewing React and later to Redux. I think it's incredible that React makes much more sense to me than JS. I coded yesterday for my labs, but did not journal it. Happy to see green in my github.

13 Apr, Mon - Easter weekend, took some time off to spend with my family, but did get time in today, but watch a Ben Awad-tube and solidified my journey at Lambda. Getting closer each day.

14 Apr, Tues - I got a project from my old TL that will help me get better 'review' in than just reading articles and watching vids, so I'm hoping that will get my butt going and boost my confidence even more. I woke up startled the other night thinking that I've wasted a year and I don't remember a thing that I've learned. I've got to keep busy without getting into my own head. 

15 Apr, Weds - Finished my DB design for my now new project "Instagram - Sara Style". I'm ready to set up my backend with models and migrations. Slow going, but need to go over all of this material. I'm glad to have my mind on something besides with all of the COVID stuff too. 

16 Apr, Thurs - Worked on a README for backend install and files needed, as I am getting ready to start my backend for my 'Sara-side' project. It's informational and helpful hopefully to my future self.

20 Apr, Mon - I have been coding but have been neglectful writing here. I finished my models today and migrations on Friday. I meet with Skyelar tomorrow and we will go over it and discuss my next steps. 

29 Apr, Weds -  Been busy with our project. I presented yesterday and the team was blown away by what we have done. It was great! I got a new Mac laptop today, so today has been spent learning how to run it and changing my setup. It's different, but it will be nice. My computer doesn't freeze on zoom anymore. So nice!

1 May, Fri - The year of April is finally over! Ready to keep moving forward with our Labs project and working more in the fe with React and dnd (draggable and droppable). Welcome, month of May!

6 May, Weds - Met with my "PM" and have been given further instruction as to how my app "Insta-Sara-Style" project. It is slow going, but I do have a lot to do and even more to learn.

